Update cloud-optimized format pattern (#157)
cloudnativegeo/cloud-optimized-geospatial-formats-guide: index.qmd

As a community, we have arrived at the following **cloud-optimized format pattern:**

> 1. Metadata or specification provides addresses for data blocks.

Author: This revision generalizes the pattern to also support Zarr, where the data block addresses are denoted by the standard itself rather than the metadata

2. Metadata is stored in a consistent format and location.

> 3. All Metadata can be loading by a single read operation.

Author: Everything in a file can be read once, so I think this revision more appropriate reflects the intended meaning

> 3. All Metadata can be loading by a single read operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. All metadata can be loading by a single read operation.
```

> 4. Metadata can read the underlying file format, which supports subsetted access via addressable chunks, internal tiling, or both.

Author: > Metadata can read the underlying file format

I don't understand this because metadata doesn't do any reading. @abarciauskas-bgse would you be willing to explain to me what this means?

Reviewer: 🤦🏽 I think this should say:

> Metadata or the format specification can be used by libraries to read subsets of data from the underlying file format.
```suggestion
4. Metadata or the format specification can be used by libraries to read subsets of data from the underlying file format. Subsetted access is facilitated via addressable chunks, internal tiling, or both.
```
